Add `noOverviewImages` docs (#3352)
quiltdata/quilt: docs/Catalog/VisualizationDashboards.md

At present `height` is the only supported `style` element.

> ## Images
> 
> We have an image block before `quilt_summarize.json`-files.
> 
> For the Overview, page we parse the entire bucket and show all the images in
> grid. To hide this block, you can specify `noOverviewImages` flag in your
> `./config.js`. See the Quilt Catalog
> [README.md](https://github.com/quiltdata/quilt/tree/master/catalog#configuration)
> for details.
> 
> On the Bucket tab, we show images from the current directory in the current
> nesting level.
> 
> On the Packages tab we show images similarly to the Bucket tab but inside the
> package.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Images

If your Amazon S3 bucket contains images, by default the Quilt Catalog displays a preview of those images _before_ any `quilt_summarize.json`-referenced files.

In the **Overview** tab, the Catalog parses the entire Amazon S3 bucket contents and displays thumbnail image previews in a paginated grid (25 per page by default) of all [supported image types](../Catalog/Preview.md#binary-and-special-file-format-previews).

> To hide this block, specify the `noOverviewImages` flag in your [Bucket configuration file](../Catalog/Preferences.md).

In the **Bucket** tab, the Catalog displays thumbnail image previews in a similarly paginated grid but _only from the current directory viewed_.

In the **Packages** tab, when a specific package has been opened the Catalog displays thumbnail image previews in a similarly paginated grid but _only those image files in the selected package_.

```

Author: `noOverviewImages` is not in the Bucket config file (config.yyml per bucket), it's in the confi.js (main config file per stack). I know it's not the right place, I just described what we have already

Author: This is the config file http://open.quiltdata.com/config.js

Reviewer: Okay - cleaned up. Thanks for clarifying.
